[clang] [SemaCXX] Disallow deducing "this" on operator `new` and `delete` (#82251)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  Fixes (`#68490 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/68490>`_)
- Fix a crash when trying to call a varargs function that also has an explicit object parameter.
  Fixes (`#80971 ICE when explicit object parameter be a function parameter pack`)

> - Reject explicit object parameters on implicitly static member functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reject explicit object parameters on `new` and `delete` operators
```
